docs: clarify V2 guaranteed CPU must cover assigned SPDK CPU cores (#1410)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.13.0/deploy/install/_index.md

- Raw block disks for V2 volumes
  - Local NVMe disks are strongly recommended for best performance.

> When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each V2 instance-manager pod requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. If you assign multiple CPU cores to `spdk_tgt`, it is necessary that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each V2 instance-manager pod requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. It is necessary that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.
```

> When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each V2 instance-manager pod requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. If you assign multiple CPU cores to `spdk_tgt`, it is strongly recommended that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each V2 instance-manager pod requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. If you assign multiple CPU cores to `spdk_tgt`, it is necessary that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.
```

Author: Fix, thank you

> **Note**
>

> > When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each instance-manager pod for the V2 Data Engine requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. If you assign multiple CPU cores to `spdk_tgt`, it is necessary that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each V2 instance-manager pod requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. It is necessary that the V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.
```

> > When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each instance-manager pod for the V2 Data Engine requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. If you assign multiple CPU cores to `spdk_tgt`, it is strongly recommended that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When the V2 Data Engine is enabled, each instance-manager pod for the V2 Data Engine requires one or more dedicated CPU cores because the `spdk_tgt` process uses intensive polling. If you assign multiple CPU cores to `spdk_tgt`, it is necessary that the effective V2 instance manager pod CPU request reserve at least the same number of CPU cores based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.
```

Author: Fix, thank you
